#
```
Computer and Network Security  by  Avinash Kak
https://engineering.purdue.edu/kak/compsec/NewLectures/


Udemy

# Security Awareness Training

https://www.udemy.com/security-awareness-training/


★★★Certified WhiteHat Hacker Level 1 ( CWHH Level 1)
https://www.udemy.com/certified-whitehat-hacker-level-1/

★★★Certified White Hat Hacker Level 2 (CWHH Level 2)
https://www.udemy.com/certified-white-hat-hacker-level-2/


# Networks Security

Computer Networks Security from Scratch to Advanced

https://www.udemy.com/computer-networks-security-from-scratch-to-advnaced/

The Complete Cyber Security Course : Network Security!
https://www.udemy.com/network-security-course/

Ethical Hacking Fundamental Course - Learn From Scratch
https://www.udemy.com/complete-ethical-hacking-course-2017-exploring-secrets/

# System(Infrastructure) Seuciry: Windows Security

Configuring Windows 10
https://www.udemy.com/configuring-windows10/

★★PowerShell for Active Directory Administrators with Lab
https://www.udemy.com/powershell-for-active-directory-administrators/

Windows 8: Hacking & Securing - Complete Course
https://www.udemy.com/windows-8-hacking-and-securing/

Windows 10 administration, security and troubleshooting
https://www.udemy.com/windows-10-administration/

★★★Securing Windows Networks
https://www.udemy.com/securing-windows-networks/

Microsoft Windows Server 2016 Training for Beginners
https://www.udemy.com/windows-server-2016/

Windows Server 2016 Administration with Lab Access
https://www.udemy.com/windows-server-2016-administration-and-deployment/

Mastering Group Policy on Windows Server 2016 w/ Lab Access
https://www.udemy.com/mastering-group-policy-on-windows-server-2016/

The Python Ethical Hacking Course: Windows Keylogger
https://www.udemy.com/the-windows-keylogger-mini-python-ethical-hacking-course/

# System(Infrastructure) Seuciry: Linux Seuciry

★★★Linux Security: The Complete Iptables Firewall Guide
https://www.udemy.com/linux-security-the-complete-iptables-firewall-guide/

Linux Security and Hardening, The Practical Security Guide.
https://www.udemy.com/linux-security/

★★★Network Security Analysis Using Wireshark, Snort, and SO
https://www.udemy.com/network-security-analysis-using-wireshark-snort-and-so/


★★★Practical Linux Security Solutions Tajinder Kalsi  Tuesday, July 31, 2018
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/practical-linux-security-solutions-video

Mastering Linux Security [Video]  Marc Heuse  Tuesday, July 31, 2018
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/mastering-linux-security-video

Practical Linux Security Cookbook - Second Edition  Tajinder Kalsi  August 2018 
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/practical-linux-security-cookbook-second-edition

Practical Linux Security Cookbook - Second Edition  Tajinder Kalsi  August 2018 
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/practical-linux-security-cookbook-second-edition


PowerShell 6.0 Linux Administration Cookbook  Prashanth Jayaram, Ram Iyer  October 2018
https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/powershell-60-linux-administration-cookbook


Linux Server Security  Aubrey Love II  Wednesday, May 23, 2018
https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/linux-server-security-video

Advanced Linux System Administration Paul Olushile Friday, August 31, 2018
https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/advanced-linux-system-administration-video

零基础七天入门Linux
https://www.udemy.com/linux-zh/

Learn Linux in 5 Days and Level Up Your Career
https://www.udemy.com/learn-linux-in-5-days/

Linux Mastery: Master the Linux Command Line in 11.5 Hours
https://www.udemy.com/linux-mastery/

Linux Shell Scripting: A Project-Based Approach to Learning
https://www.udemy.com/linux-shell-scripting-projects/

Advanced Linux System Administration
https://www.udemy.com/advanced-linux-administration/

Linux Performance Monitoring & Analysis
https://www.udemy.com/linux-performance-monitoring-analyzing/

Red Hat Certified System Admin - SA1
https://www.udemy.com/linux-startup-red-hat-certified-systems-administrator/

Red Hat Certified System Admin - SA2
https://www.udemy.com/red-hat-system-administration-rh134/

Linux Academy Red Hat Certified Engineer Prep
https://www.udemy.com/linux-academy-red-hat-certified-engineer-prep/

# Web Security

Web Application penetration testing and Bug Bounty Course

https://www.udemy.com/web-application-penetration-testing-and-bug-bounty-course/

Web Application Security for Absolute Beginners (no coding!)

https://www.udemy.com/web-application-security-for-absolute-beginners-no-coding/

Learn Web Hacking &Penetration Testing as a Black Hat Hacker

https://www.udemy.com/web-application-ethical-hacking/


# log management


Penetration Testing with Metasploit & Analyzing the IDS logs
https://www.udemy.com/penetration-testing-using-metasploit/

Docker Swarm Advanced: Centralized Logging and Monitoring

Elastic Stack: Beats, Logstash, Elasticsearch y Kibana
https://www.udemy.com/elastic-stack-beats-logstash-elasticsearch-y-kibana/

# mobile security

Android ​Hacking And Security Using Kali Linux
https://www.udemy.com/android-hacking-and-security-using-kali-linux/

https://www.udemy.com/mobile-devices-hacking-and-security-android-ios/

# Cloud Security

IT Security Gumbo: Cloud Security Technology
https://www.udemy.com/it-security-gumbo/

#  IoT Security

Fundamentals of IoT Security
https://www.udemy.com/fundamentals-of-iot-security/

Security Engineering for the IoT
https://www.udemy.com/security-engineering-for-the-iot/


```
